[Chessy] Once upon a time.
there lived a famous Cheshire cat.
No. not my dad.
Me.
Mischief runs in the family.
See? [chuckles]
Care to join me for a game?
It all started when the Queen of Hearts
was about to take over Auradon
and Cinderella's head...
Off with her head!
[Chessy] ...was on her chopping block.
That's when her daughter Red
and Cinderella's daughter. Chloe.
used a magical pocket watch
to travel back in time
and prevent the Queen of Hearts
from ever turning evil.
So Red got her wish for a caring mother.
and Chloe saved her mom.
who she discovered
wasn't always such a princess.
But when you change the past.
there can be some unintended consequences.
Red's about to discover her new
and improved life comes with a sister.
[Pink laughs]
And if Mom's not a villain anymore.
guess who's not a VK. either.
Sounds like chaos.
Can't wait to see how this plays out.
[laughs mischievously]
[Red] Hurry. before anyone sees us.
[Chloe] Red. you're sure this is
where to bury the pocket watch?
Yep.
Here.
The Wonderland Royal Vault.
It's the perfect place
to keep this hidden.
[Chloe] And no one can undo
the good we've done.
There. Your mom's safe...
And your mom's nice.
-Hmm.
[chuckles] And we're...
Aw. Chlo. Are you asking to be friends?
You're still such an HK.
Okay. And that's never gonna change.
Though. knowing now
that my mom didn't care
about all this royal stuff
when she was young.
maybe I can talk to her
and relax things a little bit?
[Red] You? Relaxed?
Hey. it's hard being the daughter of
a hero. you'll see.
[Red scoffs] Come on.
how different could it be?
[Chessy] Think they solved it. don't they?
[Chessy laughs cunningly]
[electricity crackling]
Little do Red and Chloe know
someone else saw them disappear with
the pocket watch that night.
One villain erased. another created.
Yes.
Time to make Wonderland
a little less wonderful.
[Maddox laugh evilly]
[♪ Alarm playing upbeat tune]
[alarm stops]
♪ Back at last
We won the fight ♪
♪ Peace restored
The world made right ♪
♪ Subtle changes ♪
♪ That's okay ♪
[both] ♪ This will be a brighter day ♪
♪ Now I've got a true best friend ♪
♪ Mom and I are home again ♪
♪ And we'll be better
than we've ever been ♪
[exclaims]
♪ Good morning ♪
♪ Time to wake up ♪
-♪ You got a big day today ♪
-I do?
♪ Hey. sister. first day of school
together I just can't wait ♪
That's new.
♪ Oh. sweetheart. you're glowing ♪
♪ Which dress will you go in? ♪
♪ Your favorite bow is right here ♪
♪ This is weird ♪
♪ Good morning ♪
♪ Here's a checklist
with every step to success ♪
Hey. Mom.
♪ At your age I always dreamed of being
a true princess ♪
-Wrong.
-♪ So fencing at 2:00. dear ♪
♪ These shoes are for you. dear ♪
-Wait.
-♪ Let's kick off the school year ♪
♪ Just right ♪
Right.
[Red and Chloe]
♪ Uh-oh. best of intentions ♪
♪ Uh-oh Big consequences ♪
♪ Not quite what we expected. no ♪
♪ They want a perfect princess ♪
♪ A royal smile for everyone ♪
♪ Perfect princess ♪
♪ Always refined and oh. so fun ♪
♪ I never believed I'd see a ♪
♪ World looking at me to be a ♪
♪ Perfect princess ♪
♪ What have we done? ♪
-Ooh!
-♪ And Pink is in on all the fun ♪
Uh. Chloe. things are way more
different than we thought.
They're just really happy to see us.
You think?
-Oh. excuse me. princess!
-Why are those dudes coming over?
[Chloe] That's Luis Madrigal
-and Robbie Hood.
-Yeah!
What's with all the teeth?
♪ P-R-I-N-C-E-S-S ♪
♪ It's our two favorite princesses ♪
♪ Call us royally blessed ♪
♪ It's clear we roll with the best ♪
♪ Two heroes in the making ♪
-♪ Three! ♪
-♪ I know you gon' be taking ♪
♪ After both your moms ♪
♪ Keep the kingdoms going strong ♪
♪ Yawn! ♪
♪ More spoiled little brats ♪
♪ Prim and proper lovely ladies ♪
♪ Pride of the upper class ♪
♪ Perfect princess nepo babies ♪
-Manners. Hatter.
-Hatter?
♪ Uh-oh Best of intentions ♪
♪ Uh-oh Big consequences ♪
♪ Not quite what we expected now ♪
♪ They see a perfect princess ♪
♪ A royal smile for everyone ♪
♪ Perfect princess ♪
♪ Always refined and oh. so fun ♪
♪ I never believed I'd see a ♪
♪ World looking to me to be a ♪
♪ Perfect princess ♪
♪ What have we done? ♪
♪ So we changed everything ♪
♪ It's all too much for me ♪
♪ We just need time to think ♪
♪ Of how we can make
How we can make it better ♪
♪ There's pressure all around ♪
♪ I have a sister now ♪
♪ Whatever's going down ♪
♪ We'll figure it out
Figure it out together ♪
♪ We love a ♪
♪ Perfect princess ♪
♪ A royal smile for everyone ♪
♪ Always refined and oh. so fun ♪
♪ I never believed I'd see a ♪
♪ World looking to me to be a ♪
♪ Perfect princess ♪
♪ What have we done? ♪
♪ And Pink is in on all the fun ♪
[♪ song ends]
They're not going to do this
every day. right?
-[bells chiming]
-You can put me down now.
[students chattering]
[Chessy] Those perfect princesses
shouldn't get too cozy in their new life.
That new villain I mentioned?
Surprise.
It's Red's former best friend.
Maddox Hatter.
The once kindhearted inventor
went so mad searching
for the pocket watch.
the Queen of Hearts
banished him to the Isle of the Lost.
But now he's out.
determined to find his prize
and to get his revenge.
[chuckles mischievously]
Lucky for him.
this kitten is ready to play.
Oh. hello. Maddox.
Anything new?
After all these years searching.
my Oraculum has found the pocket watch.
Of course!
[Chessy] Indeed.
It seems the Queen of Hearts
has it in her vault.
That means... it's here!
In Wonderland.
Just imagine what you could do
with the pocket watch.
Change the past. the future...
Wonderland could finally be yours.
-Ha!
-And the Queen of Hearts...
[exhales]
Oh. the Queen will be so...
Dead? [chuckles evilly]
[Maddox] No. Chessy. we need her alive.
At least until we find that vault.
Of course.
clever is as clever does. Right?
No. kitten...
Evil is as evil does!
Dodo birds!
Search the palace grounds.
the croquet gardens. Tulgey Woods.
and every royal outpost
throughout Wonderland.
Find me the pocket watch!
-[dodos screeching]
-I'll deal with the Queen myself.
Fly! I gave you wings for a reason!
-[glass shattering]
-Ow! Ow!
Watch it. you flying scrap heaps.
[Maddox] Be my eyes over Wonderland
and report back! [laughs evilly]
[Chloe] Red. come on. we need to talk.
Please tell me your morning
was at least better than mine.
I pretty much woke up inside a cupcake.
Well. my mom's even stricter than before.
I mean. she followed me here to school.
-Yikes.
-You know. when I got
to meet my mom as a teenager.
I thought that I understood her better.
But seeing her today.
all proper and royal.
it's like she's not even the same person.
And you were there. Red.
You saw who Ella was.
I just don't know how to feel
about my mom right now.
I don't know how to feel about anything.
I mean. look. Max Hatter is a VK now.
I don't get it.
His dad was
my mom's adviser and my friend.
My only friend.
And his son. Max...
Let me show you the hat trick.
If you guys don't like it.
I'm gonna be very upset.
He wore button downs and bow ties.
How does someone go
from that to pickpocketing? And why?
[Chloe] Well. could be the crew
that he's hanging out with.
Hazel's just as ruthless
as her father. Captain Hook.
and always bossing
around her flunkies. the Smee twins.
Who's that dude with the cards?
[Chloe] That's Felix.
Dr. Facilier's son.
But the VKs aren't your crew anymore.
Hate to break it to you. Red.
-but you're an HK now.
-Would you like to see your future?
-Bah!
-[girl exclaiming]
[laughter]
I'm... an HK now.
Excuse me. [grunts]
[♪ Magical stinger]
[Red exclaims]
I got it.
It's okay. First rescue's free.
My boy Luis always saves the day.
[scoffs]
[humming]
Did you really think I wouldn't notice?
That you're doing an amazing job!
[laughs]
[♪ Magical music playing]
[giggling]
This calls for a celebration.
We should host a party.
[gasps] Yes! For all of our friends!
Ooh! We'll have
tea and cupcakes and raspberry tarts.
Ooh. my favorite!
Ooh. and fireworks! Huge fireworks!
-Oh. it will be...
-I love parties.
[Queen of Hearts gasps]
[♪ Dramatic music playing]
Shame this one's such a snooze.
[chuckles]
Maddox!
It's customary for all guests
to ring at the gate.
not sedate the security.
Where is it?
Where's the pocket watch?
What is this?
Are you and that deranged kitten
up to something again?
We had a deal.
You could return to Wonderland
if you give up your ridiculous quest
for this mythical pocket watch.
You've had it all along. haven't you?
-Tell me where the vault is!
-[gasps]
I don't know what
kind of game this is. but I'm not playing.
Oh. isn't this all
a little over the top hat. even for you?
[laughs sarcastically] Last chance.
Tell me where it is.
or I'll tear apart Wonderland to find it.
Maddox. I gave you a second chance.
[♪ Suspenseful music playing]
[♪ Music turns dramatic]
And now I'm going to take it.
[laughs evilly]
Red...
[♪ dramatic music playing]
Sleep tight. Your Majesty.
[laughing]
Well done. Maddox.
I'll take that. thank you.
[sighs]
Mm.
Feels nice up here.
Here. count this.
[Hazel] They can't count.
Luis is gonna be
turning captain this year.
-[Red] What is that?
-Hey. Robbie Hood.
For Sherwood's collection box.
[Luis] Drop the act. Max.
No one's buying it.
No matter how hard you pretend
-not to be your father.
-Oh.
What's wrong with his father?
You mean
the number one villain in all of Auradon?
[Max] At least I'm not Luisa Jr.
Do they feed you more than hay up on
that mountain. Madrigal?
[scoffs] How about you
just keep it moving. huh. Hatter?
I'm sure the Hat Trix
need help lurking somewhere.
[in Spanish] Get out of here.
[in English] I know
you're not dissing my crew.
We may be back at school.
but you're not gonna like the lesson
the Smees and I will teach you.
-Yeah!
-[Hazel laughs]
Allow me. Hazel.
May I suggest a Facilier family specialty?
How original. A pirate itching to fight.
-[glass shattering]
-[gasps]
[boy] What is that?
[students exclaiming]
[Chloe] What is it. Red?
Maddox Hatter
has captured the Queen. Come quickly!
No!
Maddox?
-Thank you. Ooh!
-[laughter]
Stop messing around. Felix.
-What? What?
-[Red] It's not funny.
You can give it back now.
[Pink] Oh. my hearts!
You gotta stop doing that.
-[repeating] Oh. my hearts!
-Hey. hey. calm down.
-Don't freak out.
-Mom's been captured!
-[Pink moaning]
-[Luis] Whoa. whoa. whoa!
-[Luis] Now. princes a.
-Great.
Let's get you up.
What the fluff!
Did my pumpkins go rogue again?
Let's get out of here. Come on.
Is that a no?
We gotta get back to Wonderland now.
Okay. We should find my mom.
She'll help us.
[Cinderella] Absolutely not.
Go to Wonderland?
Without Auradon guards?
Without the other kingdoms' help?
There are rules. Chloe.
Protocols to follow.
But when it's important.
rules don't matter.
We just have to get in there
and get our hands dirty.
Right. Mom?
Girls.
you can't just bibbidi-bop yourselves
into a dangerous villain's hands.
No. ma'ams.
Maddox is not to be trifled with.
He's terrorized the kingdoms for years
with his deranged inventions.
Your mother had him banished
to the Isle of the Lost.
He's a madman.
In your time.
Now. I spoke with Uma.
and she's calling the Auradon Council.
and they're coming up with
a carefully thought out rescue plan
that leaves nothing to chance.
A plan? That's it?
Yes.
What happens to my mom in the meantime?
We just leave her there?
Mom. come on.
We don't break rules. Chloe.
even for a good cause.
But you don't really believe that.
She's your best friend.
You'll stay here and let us handle this.
Promise me.
People look to us
to do what's right. Chloe.
You're a Charming.
You need to act accordingly.
[Hazel] What?
What was he thinking?
Kidnapping the Queen?
Well. at least you're here
and he's in Wonderland.
-No one can blame you.
-Except they do.
I'm tied to him.
It doesn't matter where I am.
I wish there was a way
I could change that.
Okay. so stop complaining
and do something about it.
You're right.
You're so right.
Of course I'm right.
Okay. Get Felix and the Smees.
Meet me at the Rabbit Hole. Yeah?
Wait. What?
No. I didn't mean right now!
We haven't even had lunch yet.
[♪ Dramatic music playing]
[Chloe] Red. wait up.
Disobeying your mom?
I guess I really have corrupted you.
Okay. don't give yourself too much credit.
I mean. she was the one
who taught me that a lie to save a life
was a good trade. even if
she doesn't remember it.
What your mom said in there
about Maddox on the isle. that's us.
Chloe. we did that.
[sighs]
I finally got the mom I always wanted.
and now we put her in danger.
It's gonna be okay.
We'll figure it out together.
[Max] I hope your plan includes us...
because we're coming
with you to Wonderland.
Yeah. I don't think so.
Our interests don't exactly align.
Come on. Red.
You need someone that knows how to
beat my father at his own game.
And I can help with that.
You'd sell out your dad?
It's not so easy.
Well. good news. princess.
Not much of my life has been easy.
And I have my dad to thank for that.
But I'm not him.
And I never want to be.
Wait for Pink. too.
[sighs in exasperation]
Not to fear. help is here.
Two merry men reporting for duty.
I brought snacks.
Though apparently not enough.
What are they doing here?
This is going well.
What kind of snacks did you bring?
What?
-I have to feed the Smees every two hours.
-[snickers]
Fine.
Come on.
[♪ Dramatic music playing]
-Jump?
-Yep.
Down the hatch. [voice echoes]
Into the endless void
where we can't even see the bottom?
Cool.
Scared?
No.
-Let's do it.
-Yeah.
[indistinct chatter]
It's your show. Princess.
Will everyone just cool it with that?
It's not Princess.
It's just... Red.
[whoops]
[exhales] Here we go.
[screams]
[exclaims indistinctly]
Whoa!
Oh. my...
[squeals]
Whoo.
[whooping triumphantly]
-One. two. Smee!
[both screaming]
[all screaming]
[Pink giggling]
Whoo!
Smees. cut it out!
[both grunting]
[screaming]
[Chloe] Red. what is this?
[Red] I don't know.
[gasps]
[screaming]
[Pink whoops]
I just love when
butterflies greet us! [giggling]
Look!
-Hi. Margaret.
-Oh. hello. Pink.
-Hi. Tabitha!
-Hi. Pink!
[both grunting]
I don't know why you'd
ever want to leave a place so wonderful.
This isn't the Wonderland I grew up with.
Whoa!
So where is this palace of yours?
I don't see it.
-[huffs]
-No!
Come on. guys.
We've got a long journey ahead.
Are you sure about this?
Think we can trust this redhead?
[Max] Of course not.
But this is the only way to stop my dad.
[vines creaking]
[gasps] My cards!
[whispering] Oh. no. Oh. no.
[gasping]
[grunts. exclaims in pain]
Hatter!
[Pink] This way is quickest to the palace.
-It's also the prettiest.
-[all exclaiming]
-Wow!
-It's so colorful!
-Smees!
-As you enter.
Wonderland's croquet gardens.
please pay special attention
to all the magical
flora and fauna. And Smees.
don't eat any of our special friends...
-[mallet squeaking]
-You're it!
Like our living mushrooms.
or our beautiful flamingos.
Oh. they're very cuddly!
-[chittering]
-[gasps]
Wow. Look at Felix.
Who knew the Faciliers
were such bird lovers? [laughs]
-[mushroom grunts]
-[exclaims]
[chortles]
Red. look.
the pink spotted tickler rose. Here.
For me?
They're your favorite.
-[rose giggles]
-[Red laughs]
[Pink] Okay. everyone. we should
keep moving through Tulgey Woods.
We follow that path
straight to the castle.
[alarm blaring]
[Chessy gasps] Maddox. come here quickly.
Maddox!
Look what the dodos found.
-[gasps]
-Intruders.
And your son.
[Maddox] Oh. Max!
How could you betray me?
Uh. guys... what's happening?
-Smees.
-Stay close.
[Hazel] Max. what is this?
[Max] It's my dad.
He knows we're here.
[gasping. laughing]
Well. well...
Let the games begin.
♪ Now look what the cat dragged in
to come and visit ♪
♪ Pathetic Exquisite ♪
♪ Now whose unbirthday is it? ♪
♪ Got some tricks up my sleeve ♪
♪ And a watch on my mind ♪
♪ And once I get what I want ♪
♪ All the power is mine Ha! ♪
♪ Down is up. up is down ♪
♪ Trade my top hat for a crown ♪
♪ Welcome to my Wonderland ♪
Run!
♪ To my Wonderland ♪
♪ Truth or dare
Are you scared? ♪
♪ That's too bad ♪
♪ Welcome to my Wonderland ♪
♪ It's better than I planned ♪
♪ What a time
Most fun I've ever had ♪
♪ I've never been so happy being mad ♪
[Max] Smees!
[screaming]
You just had to kiss it?
[laughing maniacally]
[gasping]
♪ My father is twisted ♪
♪ Well. you are related ♪
♪ Cold hearted. sadistic ♪
♪ Warm hugs are overrated ♪
♪ This whole destructive spree ♪
♪ Will fall right back on me ♪
♪ I've had enough
This time I'm finally breaking free ♪
♪ Down is up. up is down ♪
♪ Turn the tables on him now ♪
-Go!
-♪ Down is up. up is down ♪
-♪ Welcome to my Wonderland ♪
-Go. go. go!
♪ To my Wonderland ♪
♪ Truth or dare
Are you scared? ♪
♪ That's too bad ♪
♪ Welcome to my Wonderland ♪
♪ It's better than I planned ♪
♪ What a time
Most fun I've ever had ♪
♪ I've never been so happy being mad ♪
[yelling indistinctly]
[Chessy] Lights out.
-[all screaming]
-[Chessy laughs evilly]
-Stop! Wait!
-[mockingly] Stop! Wait!
♪ Don't make them pay for my mistake ♪
♪ I should never have
let you return back home ♪
♪ This battle's between us and us alone ♪
♪ So just let them go ♪
Are you guys okay?
No.
♪ I spent too many years ♪
♪ On that wretched isle ♪
♪ Cast aside. doing time ♪
♪ Pushed me over the edge ♪
♪ But the way you beg and plead
is bringing back my smile ♪
♪ Understand Wonderland's
gonna feel my revenge ♪
-♪ You're heartless ♪
-♪ You mean it? ♪
You monster!
Believe it.
You'll never get away with this!
♪ I already have ♪
♪ Welcome to my Wonderland ♪
♪ To my Wonderland ♪
♪ Truth or dare
Are you scared? ♪
♪ That's too bad ♪
♪ Welcome to my Wonderland ♪
♪ It's better than I planned ♪
♪ What a time
Most fun I've ever had ♪
♪ I've never been so happy being ♪
♪ Criminal beyond all reason ♪
♪ Never been so happy being ♪
-Wait!
-♪ Mad! ♪
[laughs maniacally]
You're getting fingerprints on my crystal!
I will find your vault.
How long your rescuers suffer until I do
is up to you.
-[Maddox chuckles]
-You underestimate my girls.
You underestimate...
me.
-[Maddox laughing]
-[♪ dramatic music playing]
[grunting]
And stay out.
What was that?
Well. I'm partial to "gracias."
but. uh. "thank you" also works.
you know. for saving you.
[scoffing] Does it look like we're saved?
Wait. where is everybody?
Probably behind door number one.
two or... seven ninety-four.
But. hey. this is your backyard. right?
So. uh. which one do we start with?
I wish I knew.
What was that?
Let's go with this one.
Uh. this one's the one.
-Yeah.
-Lead the way.
[Red] I'm sure everybody's fine.
[both yelling]
-[Hazel screaming]
-[Pink sneezes]
-[Max] Whoa!
-[Chloe grunts]
Get off me!
-[mushroom gibbering]
-Whoa!
[both] Looks like a fun guy.
[grunts]
[grunts in frustration]
-[Luis] No luck?
-Let's keep going.
They've got to be around here somewhere.
Ugh! What?
Are you sure you're going the right way?
I'm walking this way. aren't I?
How does one get lost
in their own kingdom. exactly?
Fine.
You got me. Okay?
I don't like bows.
I prefer swords to sparkles.
And this isn't my backyard.
-I didn't...
-You try being
shut off from the world your whole life.
and the minute you get
a whiff of fresh air. you screw it up.
Not just for yourself.
but for everyone you've ever cared about.
-I didn't mean it like that.
-It's okay.
I get it.
Trust me. I...
I know a thing or two about family legacy.
a blessing and a curse
all wrapped up together.
I'm Louisa Madrigal's son.
I'm supposed to be strong. no matter what.
Good thing I can. uh. shoulder it.
[chuckles softly]
You gotta chill with all that.
It's too much.
Sorry. It's kind of what people expect.
What they want from me.
All they seem to want from me.
Okay. but...
What do you want for you?
I don't think anyone's
ever asked me that before.
You know. now. I think
it's the part where you
apologize for dragging me
out of a doorway.
[laughs] What?
-But I saved you.
-I can't with you.
[Cinderella] Is there an update
from Uma or the council?
Yes.
News from Fairy Godmother. Your Majesty.
The children have
gone to Wonderland... on their own?
Now they'll have to face Maddox alone.
Chloe. what have you done?
[birds chirping]
Smee!
[Red sighs]
Ha!
See? Not lost after all.
[gasps]
Smee! [grunts]
[gasps] Red! I was so worried!
[gasps] You found it! Thank you!
Oh. I missed you. shoe.
Guys. Red found my shoe!
She is a ridiculous person.
Well. we've got a bigger problem.
Whoa! Look. I'm not a fan
of Hazel's either. but let's pull it back.
No. it's not that. It's that.
I saw one in the croquet garden.
It must be a spy for Maddox.
-So that's how he discovered us?
-Exactly.
But listen. if we get the dodo down.
maybe I can pry it open and rewire it.
and then it could spy for us
so we can stay one step ahead of Maddox
and get
to the palace quicker to save your mom.
We should tell Max.
He might know more about them.
But. Red. listen.
-[Luis] You tricked us.
-[Max] I was trying to help.
You like to box?
'Cause I got a killer right hook.
Even you can't think it's a coincidence
he led us to that madhouse.
Guys. before someone gets a nose ring
they didn't consent to. look.
Is it one of your dad's?
Looks like it.
And they'll have a direct line to him.
-We gotta destroy it.
-Or we can try to use it.
No. he's right.
-It's too risky to mess with.
-But...
-I'm on it. Red.
-Wait. Luis.
-[Luis] I got it. [grunts]
-[tree creaking]
Get a clue you're extinct.
[dodo screeches]
Do you have a brain.
or are you just one big bicep?
Smees. get to climbing.
Hey. put your hands up.
-Come on. make it good. make it good.
-Here I come.
[Hazel] Not each other!
-The tree!
-Maybe we can lure it with treats.
It's a mechanical bird.
Yeah. but it's vanilla.
Everyone loves vanilla.
No. I think if we just think enough...
-Yeah.
-[dodo screeches]
I think it's calling for more dodos.
Guys. we should keep moving.
Let's cover our tracks. Come on.
[dodo screeching]
Are you coming?
Yeah. coming.
Wait. Where's Robbie?
I thought he was with you.
And Felix. I thought he was with you.
[both screaming]
[screaming continues]
[Robbie] I hate this ride!
[Hazel] Eh.
These kids
are more resilient than I thought.
Chessy.
you cannot let them reach the palace.
I'm on it. This is something
I can really dig my claws into.
[Chessy laughs]
[woman] Madam. it's too dangerous.
I haven't used it in years.
but it leads directly
to Bridget's throne room.
Your Majesty doesn't know
what waits for her in there.
The Council is taking too long
and Chloe's in real danger.
Find the king and send word
to Fairy Godmother.
It's time to be brave like my daughter.
Oh. my. Hello?
Come on. old friend.
I'm coming. Chloe.
But not like this.
-[loud scraping]
-[grunting]
[grunts]
-Bridget!
-Ella?
Ella!
Whoo! That felt good.
Say what you will about
your stepmother's parenting.
but you can sure
handle yourself with a broom.
-Are you hurt?
-Oh!
Are you all right?
Are you wearing trousers?
Okay. you're fine.
Bridget. the girls are here in Wonderland.
They came to rescue you.
We have to get them to safety.
I know. but he
bewitched my throne room. I'm locked in.
I wasn't expecting visitors.
I didn't get your RSVP.
Maddox.
Cinderella.
-She went in alone?
-I couldn't convince her to wait.
-Now it's a party.
-Cinderella!
So. got a Plan B.
or an extra pair of trousers?
These are the only ones I own.
Time to tighten up security here.
No one's coming to save you now.
[laughs maliciously]
[Max] We shouldn't be
out here in the dark.
We won't be able to see
if my dad's set another trap.
[Luis] I'm not taking your advice again.
[Red] Guys. enough.
He's right. Max threw us way off course.
[dodo screeching]
[Red] We need to find a place
to hide out till morning.
[Pink] There's a Lumoria Tree. Red.
It'll keep us safe
from Maddox for the night.
[Chessy laughs]
[Pink sighs] Okay. Anyone want tea?
You're like a little
Wonderland survivalist. aren't ya?
I was thinking.
How about you. me. and the other HKs
take the point heading
to the Palace tomorrow?
I don't trust these VKs.
What are they really
bringing to the table?
Ugh. these hero types
think they own the world.
Time to show 'em VKs can run it.
Not so fast. Senor Hero.
You're gonna need a lot more than good
hair and a nice smile to get this done.
You're way more than good hair.
And what does
Hazel Hook know about saving the day?
So why don't you leave
the real work to us villains?
A Madrigal never
backs down from a challenge.
[Hazel] Go comb your hair. pretty boy.
What are you gonna do? Smile at us?
All right. I've been hearing
a lot of talk from the both of you.
but who's really
got what it takes to defeat Maddox? Hmm?
-[♪ Upbeat music playing]
-You got this.
[Chessy chuckling]
-[trilling]
-[Luis] ♪ Listen up ♪
♪ I don't mean to flex ♪
♪ But let's just be honest ♪
♪ Of everyone you met ♪
♪ I'm undoubtedly the strongest ♪
♪ I got big villain energy
Been scamming since the cradle ♪
♪ From walking planks
to putting chewing gum under your table ♪
♪ The monsters that I fought
are more than just a lot ♪
♪ Once had to put a dragon in a headlock ♪
♪ A pirate in my bones ♪
♪ This hook is solid gold ♪
♪ Believe what you've been told ♪
♪ Did you hear about her? ♪
-♪ Well. she's a prankster ♪
-Aw!
-♪ She's a gangster ♪
-That's so sweet.
♪ She's a boss ♪
-♪ Did you hear about him? ♪
-That's me.
♪ He's the greatest ♪
♪ Not hard to say this ♪
'Cause I'm a fan.
♪ Did you hear about her? ♪
♪ I killed a Kraken ♪
♪ With just a napkin ♪
♪ And ate him raw ♪
♪ Did you hear about him? ♪
♪ They made a statue ♪
♪ I got it tattooed right on my arm ♪
Right here.
♪ Did you hear about ♪
♪ I mean. no disrespect
but I straight up think you're lying ♪
♪ Someone's overselling
and I'm not sure that I'm buying ♪
♪ I've stopped a cyclone ♪
♪ An avalanche and a tsunami ♪
♪ I've tied a giant octopus's
arms like origami ♪
[both growl]
♪ A criminal at heart ♪
♪ Each job's a work of art ♪
♪ You're swimming with a shark ♪
♪ Check your pockets ♪
♪ I've saved a thousand lives
including yours tonight ♪
♪ No question I'm that guy ♪
♪ Did you hear about him? ♪
♪ He's a hero ♪
♪ He's a leader He's the man ♪
♪ Did you hear about her? ♪
-♪ She's a savage ♪
-Watch out.
♪ The type of bad witch
you don't ever want to cross ♪
♪ Did you hear about him? ♪
♪ I moved a mountain
I saved a castle ♪
♪ With just my charm ♪
♪ Did you hear about her? ♪
♪ She ripped the wings off
of Tinkerbell. y'all ♪
♪ What else you want? ♪
Truth be told. Tinkerbell
can grow her wings back. Okay?
Oh! That's good to know.
Yeah. [sighs]
♪ Everywhere I go
A parade follows after ♪
♪ He's putting on a show
while preventing a disaster ♪
♪ I'm wiser. meaner. cooler ♪
♪ And you can't get nothing past her ♪
-♪ No. you can't ♪
-♪ Did you hear about ♪
[♪ musical interlude]
♪ Did you hear about ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Did you hear about them? ♪
[all laughing]
♪ Did you hear about them ♪
[chuckles] Whoo!
They cheated. They had to have cheated.
-That was good.
-Let's go!
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-It's okay. bud.
We'll get them next time.
We can't argue that.
VK's got it.
A VK win?
Did your sister forget
who kidnapped your mom?
Are you kidding me?
You're siding with them? With him?
He could be in
on this with his dad. for all we know.
Look. I may be the little sister.
but at least I'm brave enough
to say what everyone's thinking.
Okay. Hey.
I think that's my cue.
Pink. you shouldn't have said that.
Max?
Red. wait.
Can we talk about this afternoon?
And now this? I mean. siding with the VKs?
I know. I'm used
to their way of doing things.
Well. you kind of blew me off.
I thought we were gonna
figure this out together.
It's not like that. I'm just...
You don't want to listen
to what I have to say.
I'm not sure why I even came.
I thought you came to help clean up
the mess we left in our wake. Chloe.
Right now that's Max.
He's trying to help. too.
and he's being judged
for what his dad did. not for who he is.
Sound familiar?
Yeah.
I'll go with you. It's my mess. too.
No. I think he needs to hear it from me.
For what it's worth. I'm still
investigating if Pink and I are related.
[chuckles]
She doesn't trust me.
It's kind of a common theme in my life.
I trust you.
You didn't
have to come here in the first place.
And if we can save my mom.
maybe it's not too late to help your dad.
Why would you want to do that?
Because I still believe
there's good in him.
Well. my whole life.
everyone else has said the opposite. so...
I'm sorry. Max.
It's his own fault.
His complete obsession
with finding this thing
he saw in high school.
All he ever talked about.
[Maddox] You don't understand. Max.
I saw them. They traveled through time.
Like time traveling is even a thing.
Time travel?
Yeah. that's why everyone
thinks he's a madman.
I keep thinking
if I could just get him
to bargain with us. but with what?
Anything he can't live without?
[♪ Quirky music playing]
[grunts]
Oh. Sorry. I'll just...
Not on my account.
I've got nothing to hide.
Thanks.
Just looking for a spot for the night.
You and your fearless leader on the outs?
Red's not my leader. She's my friend.
-We're partners.
-Right.
Like the Smees are mine.
Look. Red's the alpha and you're... not.
It's just nature. You can't change it.
You'd be surprised what you can change.
I don't know.
I just keep thinking that if everything
and everyone can change...
what are we supposed to hold on to?
You know. people always say.
"Oh. you poor thing.
Captain Hook as a father."
But my dad. he always taught us
you only have yourself to rely on.
It's the best lesson I ever learned.
It sounds lonely.
Is that so?
Well. I ain't never let me down yet.
Can you say the same
about your partner Red?
I'll find somewhere else to sleep tonight.
Yeah. you do that.
Hey. Princess.
Be careful who you trust.
-[Felix] We made it!
-Felix?
-[Robbie] We made it!
-Robbie!
[both laugh]
Ouch!
-[indistinct chatter]
-Oh. Felix!
How'd you guys find us?
We heard the singing.
It was such beautiful singing.
-Tea?
-[exclaims]
-[cup shatters]
-No tea.
What happened out there?
I know how to stop my father.
What?
We go after his Oraculum.
The Oracu-who?
His most prized invention.
There's nothing
he wouldn't do to protect it.
So we're gonna steal it
and use it to get Mom back.
[alarm blaring]
So here's where we start.
No. no. no! Max. you fool!
Hm.
[exhales]
[chuckles]
They'll learn
to play by my rules one way or another.
Sorry to change your plans.
but you're thinking too small.
[Maddox laughing]
Hey. guys?
Wake up.
[all gasping]
Where are we?
-[Robbie] Am I still asleep?
-[Luis] It can't be.
I'd never dream of myself this small.
My gosh. I'm even cuter tiny!
-[♪ Dramatic music playing]
-[wings flapping]
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
[Pink] Oh. hi. Tabitha.
[Felix] It's huge!
We're toast.
Literally!
Smees. go climb that flower
to get a better look.
Aye-aye!
[flower snarling. teeth gnashing]
[exclaims]
Checkmate.
Okay. I've got an aggressively hot tip.
We stay on the board.
Hey. leave my brother alone.
[rapid beeping]
[whimpers]
[all exclaiming]
[Chessy] Uh-oh.
Looks like you're trapped.
Over here.
You're all pawns in Maddox's game now.
[laughs]
It's simple.
If you ever wanna get off this board.
you need to capture the king.
unless you're captured first.
Make your move.
Tick-ity tock-ity.
Hey. everyone.
he's challenging us to a game of chess.
Line up on the squares.
Come on.
Okay. there. there.
Red. you go over there.
Now. chess is all about strategy.
The classic first move is pawn to E4.
So. Robbie. you go to that one.
[hesitating]
All right.
-[rapid beeping]
-It's not E4.
My dude!
Could you be any more naive?
You think Maddox
would ever set up a simple game?
Get your head out of your tiara. Princess.
Okay. it's just the first move.
Come on. Chloe.
She's right.
We can't think so straightforward.
[Chloe] Just let me try again.
Chloe. No. If we're gonna defeat Maddox.
we gotta think like a villain.
Yeah.
Oh. they listen when she says it.
♪ Listen up to me. team ♪
♪ I know how this go ♪
♪ There's no referees ♪
♪ No control Stay on your toes ♪
♪ Fake them out
Never let them see ♪
♪ Which way you gonna go ♪
♪ That's the way you win this thing ♪
♪ Win this thing ♪
♪ Think fast Counterattack ♪
♪ Push 'em up against the wall ♪
-♪ Step back ♪
-♪ Don't overreact ♪
♪ I'm ready to risk it all ♪
♪ That's the way you win this thing ♪
♪ Win this thing ♪
[♪ tuneful whistling]
♪ Let's show them who wants it more ♪
♪ There's an all-out battle
on this dance floor ♪
♪ Throw out the rules
Yeah. just let 'em go ♪
♪ Follow your heart
and trust that it knows ♪
♪ The beat's a trance
There's no strategy ♪
♪ When you're dancing. dancing ♪
-♪ With the enemy ♪
-♪ Watch out ♪
♪ It's a vibe It's a feeling ♪
♪ Move your body like a villain ♪
♪ Blow the roof off the ceiling ♪
♪ That's exactly how we get 'em. come on ♪
♪ Do it. do it. do it
do it. do it. do it. do it. do it now ♪
♪ Do it. do it. do it.
♪ This is impossible ♪
♪ We're never making it out ♪
♪ Gotta jump over obstacles ♪
♪ Get up when you're knocked down ♪
♪ I can try if you want me to ♪
♪ Even though it feels wrong ♪
♪ Tell them opps to bring it on ♪
♪ Bring it on ♪
♪ Step it up
Think with your gut ♪
♪ Hit them high when they go low ♪
♪ This seems crazy to me
but I kind of like it though ♪
♪ Time to lock into the zone
To the zone ♪
[yells]
[♪ Tuneful whistling]
♪ There's no rules in love and war ♪
♪ It's an all-out battle
on the dance floor ♪
♪ Through the rules
Yeah. just let 'em go ♪
♪ Follow your heart
and trust that it knows ♪
♪ The beat's a trance
There's no strategy ♪
♪ When you're dancing. dancing ♪
-Why Smee?
-♪ With the enemy ♪
♪ Switch it up ♪
[all exclaiming]
[Pink] Oh. what's happening?
[Maddox laughing]
♪ Throw out the rules
Yeah. just let it go ♪
♪ Just let it go ♪
♪ Follow your heart and just let it know ♪
♪ Just let it know ♪
♪ The beat's a trance
There's no strategy ♪
♪ When you're dancing. dancing ♪
♪ With the enemy ♪
-♪ It's a vibe. It's a feeling ♪
-[Red] The flower.
♪ Move your body like a villain ♪
-[growling]
-♪ Blow the roof off the ceiling ♪
[Chloe gasps]
♪ That's exactly how we get 'em ♪
♪ Come on! ♪
♪ Do it. do it. do it. do it now ♪
♪ Do it. do it. do it.
do it. do it. do it. do it. do it now ♪
Yeah!
[♪ Song ends]
[all cheering]
We did it!
[excited chatter]
No!
[Red] Okay. how do I get down?
[grunts] Stupid kids ruining my game!
-Go search Tulgey Wood again.
-[dodo screeches]
Don't you dare come back here
without that pocket watch. dodo.
Dodo!
[Pink] Wait. Red. come here.
I think I found one of Alice's cookies.
Hey. are you okay?
My best friend just used me as live bait.
You think I don't know how that feels?
My own father keeps coming after me.
I thought I knew Red.
I even defended her.
But I guess...
Never mind.
You want to see the good in everyone.
I never had that luxury.
I'm not interested in bonding
over being betrayed. Max.
[groans softly]
Do you really think it could be hers?
I grew up hearing the stories.
Maybe they're true.
I mean.
what's the worst that could happen?
We get smaller and end up being eaten
by a bug or a squirrel.
or smushed under someone's shoe.
Who's hungry?
Thank you. Alice.
For the others. for when we find them.
Come on. guys. We've got a long way to go
to get to Maddox's cottage.
Let me guess. more walking.
[Pink] Hang in there. Mom. Here we come.
[Max] Do you think the others are okay?
[Hazel] Don't worry.
They always land on their feet.
[Squirmy exclaiming]
Hey. guys.
Not again!
[Red] Okay. we gotta hustle.
Max. lead us to your dad's workshop.
[Max] Okay. follow me.
Smee. stop messing around back there.
[Squeaky] Smee!
[Max] The chess board set us too far back.
I don't think we'll make it
to the Oraculum tonight.
-[Pink] I know a place.
-[dodo screeches]
[door creaks]
[gasps. squeals] It's so cute!
Oh. wow.
White Rabbit likes his self-portraits.
[door closes]
"Off for very important date.
Be back next spring."
Everyone knows that the White Rabbit
winters out of Wonderland.
Which equals breaking and entering
and stealing all his food?
-[slurping]
-We're corrupting all the Hearts now.
This one's a squatter.
H. toss me one. would ya?
You want to try
one of these pink lemonades?
They're just as sweet as Pink.
so. you know. small doses.
I need you to cover for me.
I'm gonna head to my dad's cottage.
Now? Alone?
If we all go and something happens.
they'll assume I led them into a trap.
But if I come back
with the Oraculum. they'll know that...
Yeah. I get it. that you're on their side
and all that junk.
Okay. I'll cover for you.
[Red] So what?
You're just not talking to me now?
I just don't know what to say. Red.
And if you can't even see the problem.
I'm not sure where to start.
Hey. wanna get some air?
Yeah.
All this place got is carrots?
-It's cake. [laughs]
-[Pink laughs]
[Hazel] Smee. no. not cake.
Do you wanna talk about it.
or should I distract you?
Well. I don't want to talk about it.
Then I guess we're in luck.
Look at this place.
Wow.
This makes me miss home.
My mom would love this.
You give good son energy.
You probably talk to her all the time.
My mom.
my abuela. my 17 cousins...
My familia
[in Spanish] is everything.
[in English] You're lucky.
Growing up. all I ever dreamed of
was escaping Wonderland.
Really?
Yeah.
I just...
wanted to find my own path.
But here I am. right back in Wonderland.
I'm not sure if I'm
making it better or worse.
-What?
-You do that a lot.
You don't give yourself enough credit.
You may not want to admit it.
but you give good princess.
[Red chuckles]
And you're a good leader.
You're strong.
And you're out here
trying to save your mom.
You're bringing it.
[scoffs] You're so cheesy.
Okay. Nah. I'm... I'm just honest.
It's kind of my thing.
Mm. That and doing
like 100 pushups before breakfast.
Oh. wow. that hurts.
Try 400?
Oh!
[chuckles]
First rescue's free.
[♪ Music playing]
♪ For once in my life ♪
♪ It's like someone understands ♪
♪ Trying to hide it
but I can't even fake it ♪
♪ Got me wondering why ♪
♪ I was good at keeping cool
until you broke my only rule ♪
♪ I should hate it ♪
♪ Is it wrong to think ♪
♪ That I'm not alone ♪
♪ Could there be somebody ♪
♪ Who knows where I'm coming from ♪
♪ For tonight
you're making me wanna dare ♪
♪ At something I never tried ♪
♪ For once in my life ♪
♪ Feels like I want to ♪
♪ Feels like I wanna know you ♪
♪ Better. better ♪
♪ Maybe for once in my life ♪
♪ Let down my guard with you ♪
♪ Instead of acting
like I'd never. never ♪
♪ For once in my wildest untamed dreams ♪
♪ Never thought I'd meet ♪
♪ Someone who sees me ♪
♪ For once in my life ♪
♪ There's something 'bout you ♪
♪ That turns my thoughts into a mess ♪
♪ Know I'm strong but I confess ♪
♪ My heart's racing ♪
♪ And you do it. too ♪
♪ My stomach's full of butterflies ♪
♪ Something's in the air tonight ♪
♪ Please don't change it ♪
♪ I'm starting to think
that I'm not alone ♪
♪ Maybe there's somebody
who knows where I'm coming from ♪
♪ For tonight ♪
♪ You're making me wanna dare ♪
♪ At something I've never tried ♪
♪ For once in my life ♪
♪ Feels like I want to ♪
♪ Feels like I wanna know you ♪
♪ Better. better ♪
♪ Maybe for once in my life ♪
♪ Let down my guard with you ♪
♪ Instead of acting like
I'd never. never ♪
♪ For once in my wildest untamed dreams ♪
♪ Never thought I'd meet ♪
♪ Someone who sees me ♪
♪ For once in my life ♪
♪ What if this is all too soon? ♪
♪ What if we were meant to lose? ♪
♪ Should we just turn back now? ♪
♪ Pretend we never found ♪
♪ Something that we never had ♪
♪ Something that could maybe last ♪
♪ Is that so bad? ♪
♪ For once in my life ♪
♪ Feels like I want to ♪
♪ Feels like I wanna
know you better. better ♪
♪ Maybe for once in my life ♪
♪ Let down my guard with you ♪
♪ Instead of acting like
I'd never. never. never ♪
♪ For once in my ♪
♪ Wildest untamed dreams ♪
♪ Never thought I'd meet ♪
♪ Someone who sees me ♪
♪ For once in my life ♪
♪ For once in my my life ♪
[both chuckle]
Here. I brought you something to eat.
Uh. eat?
It's tea cake.
Oh.
Thanks. Pink.
-You're very...
-Sweet?
I know. Everyone tells me.
I was gonna say thoughtful.
I like that better.
It's so hard to be her sister sometimes.
It's hard to be her friend.
Do you think Red knows that?
I don't know. Pink.
[Hazel] Hey.
Everyone is in their feelings tonight.
You should know I feel...
like I need more dessert.
[chuckles]
[door opens]
[indistinct conversation]
[giggling] Thank you.
[Luis chuckles]
Yeah. um...
I'll... I'll see you in the morning.
He's pretty great.
you know. for an HK.
[sighs]
Chloe?
Please. talk to me.
Why?
So you can just ignore me some more?
It must be so easy for you. Red.
Flipping back and forth.
On again. off again.
Hero. villain. sister. friend.
I'm envious.
Really.
You just ride any wave you want
to get what you want...
-Chloe.
-like a true villain.
Chloe...
No. it's okay.
You've been telling me
all along that this is who you really are.
I guess I'm just realizing
I should have believed you.
Is this about the chess game?
Because I'm sorry.
-but I had to think quickly.
-No!
It's about you and me.
I mean. I thought we were friends.
-A team.
-We are.
I mean. first. it turns out
I don't actually know my mom at all.
Which means
that everything I looked up to.
everything that
I wanted to be means nothing.
And then. you...
Ever since we got here.
you've been ignoring me.
You're against me. You use me.
Wait. What?
I thought you'd care.
or at least notice that I'm drowning. Red.
[Red] So am I.
You know.
you're criticizing me for being a villain
when I'm trying to help my mom.
A mom that finally truly loves me.
But when it was saving yours.
who I am seemed to work for you.
Convenient. Chloe.
Wow.
You really don't care. do you?
You still think I'm some
boring goody two-shoes
who's just tagging along.
Yeah. well... if the shoe fits.
Chloe...
[door closes]
[Queen of Hearts]
Help me. Why do I have to do everything?
[Cinderella] You take that side. pull.
-[grunts] Ow!
-I know.
Where is Prince Phillip when you need him?
We could have hung out with him more.
but no. you had to go out with Gaston.
Everybody has their bad boy phase.
Thank you. Man.
You know. I should never
have let Maddox come back.
I knew better.
[sighs] But I didn't
want to be rude. [scoffs]
How ridiculous is that?
Maybe we need to both let go of
what we think we should do.
♪ Remember how we used
to be in high school? ♪
♪ Oh. no ♪
♪ We were so carefree ♪
♪ Yeah. we would play by our own rules ♪
♪ Didn't have a road map
Just a recipe book and dust broom ♪
What a mess.
♪ But we had hope and we had each other ♪
♪ And that was enough ♪
♪ Mm-mm-mm ♪
♪ I wish I didn't hide
behind the curtain ♪
♪ Don't wanna hide anymore ♪
♪ I try to keep things sunny
so I smile till my cheeks start hurtin' ♪
♪ Mm-mm-mm ♪
♪ It's all curtsy
Put it on. smile. wave ♪
♪ Lucky girl Be happy. behave ♪
♪ But the dark
It tries to consume me ♪
♪ These days
my daughter sees right through me ♪
♪ So how can I reach out
when she feels so far away? ♪
♪ Well. if she's anything like you ♪
♪ I know she would say ♪
♪ When it gets dark
Find the light in you ♪
♪ And when the door slams
Gotta push right through ♪
♪ When times get tough
She'll know what to do ♪
♪ We always find a way ♪
♪ We can't turn time
but we sure can dream ♪
♪ Maybe we can live
in the space between ♪
♪ The woman that you see ♪
♪ And the girl I used to be ♪
♪ The girl who always had a plan ♪
♪ The girl who always held my hand ♪
♪ Through all of my phases ♪
♪ So slick how quick
the wind changes ♪
♪ And now it's our turn to break out ♪
♪ Be brave with new dreams ♪
♪ The two dreams we made ♪
-♪ I wish our daughters were near us ♪
-♪ My daughter ♪
♪ Oh. daughter. if you can hear us ♪
♪ I hope you know
I'm proud of the girl you are ♪
♪ And I hope you know
I'm near even when I'm far ♪
♪ And if you get lost ♪
[both] ♪ Look inside your heart ♪
♪ You'll always find a way ♪
♪ Maybe it's time
that we split the screen ♪
♪ And maybe it's time
that we let them see ♪
♪ A different side of me ♪
♪ A different side of... ♪
[both] ♪ The girl I used to be ♪
[♪ both vocalizing]
[♪ Song fades]
[Maddox gasps] What are you two up to?
Get down from there!
[♪ Ominous music playing]
[doorknob rattles]
[Oraculum clicking]
[cuckoo clock chiming]
[Chessy] Oh. hello. Max.
Cat got your tongue?
I hope not.
[whispers] We rarely let go.
I wonder what the Oraculum will show you.
I'm not planning to use it.
This... ruined my father.
Ruined. empowered.
Potato. pot ah to.
I'm gonna use it to save someone instead.
What if I told you
your father was right all these years?
Ah. yes.
That's what you really
want to know. isn't it?
Good news.
The Oraculum can answer
all your questions.
[exhales]
What did my father see?
And why is it so important?
-[♪ Ominous music intensifies]
-[lights buzzing]
-[electricity crackling]
-[Chessy] Showtime.
[gears whirring]
[whooshing]
I am so proud of you. Max.
[indistinct shouting echoes]
Get it right
or I'll show you punishment!
What your heart wants most.
My time machine.
When you alter the fabric of time.
there can be
some unpredictable consequences.
[Queen of Hearts] Off with her head.
[Red and Chloe grunting]
[whooshing]
Hearts!
In your time.
[Red] It's the perfect place
to keep this hidden.
[Maddox] A pocket watch.
[Oraculum clanking]
I'm so proud...
[voice echoing] There's no time.
I love you. son.
[whooshes]
[Max gasping]
[Max] The pocket watch exists?
That life of my father.
-It was real?
-[Chessy] It was.
We looked happy.
And now you're not.
The redhead stole that life from you.
[♪ Intense music playing]
[Oraculum shattering. clanking]
She lied to you.
She pretended to be your friend.
-[Max] No way!
-[objects clattering]
[sobbing]
[voice shaking]
I never should've seen it.
[Chessy] But now that you have.
what are you going to do about it?
[♪ Intriguing music playing]
You can decide
your own fate and your father's.
if you can
get your hands on that pocket watch.
[♪ Stirring music playing]
You know. Red's not the only one
who knows where the pocket watch is.
Anything she can't live without?
Revenge is a dish best served... blue.
[Chloe sobbing]
-[mice squeaking]
-[♪ somber music playing]
♪ We were friends
We were close ♪
♪ How could I have
ever known that it would go ♪
♪ It would go this way ♪
♪ This way ♪
♪ Remember when we were cool? ♪
♪ I always had your back ♪
♪ Tell me how could you do me like that? ♪
♪ You're so heartless ♪
♪ Heartless ♪
♪ You hit me when my guard was down ♪
♪ And the hardest part is ♪
♪ That I let you let me down ♪
♪ How can you live with yourself? ♪
♪ You're not who I thought you were
You're someone else ♪
♪ There's no beating in your chest ♪
♪ Just the sound of emptiness ♪
♪ You're heartless ♪
♪ You played me from the start ♪
♪ But I've seen all of your cards ♪
♪ I can see your true intentions ♪
♪ Now I'm plotting my revenge ♪
♪ Your persona is pretend ♪
♪ And I think it's time
you learned your lesson ♪
♪ Behind that perfect princess ♪
♪ Is a nasty web of lies ♪
♪ Hearts are on your clothes ♪
♪ But you don't feel a thing inside ♪
♪ You know what you did ♪
♪ Can't believe you threw
my life away. away ♪
♪ I'll turn your nightmares to reality ♪
♪ My only strategy is your tragedy ♪
♪ You're not who you pretend to be ♪
♪ Yeah. you're just like me ♪
♪ 'Cause you're heartless ♪
♪ Heartless ♪
♪ And you'll never care how it feels ♪
♪ 'Cause you broke apart this ♪
♪ World I thought I had was real ♪
♪ I feel so betrayed
You switched up my fate ♪
♪ Now you're gonna get what you gave! ♪
♪ There's no beating in your chest ♪
[device warbles]
♪ Just the sound of emptiness ♪
♪ You're heartless ♪
Max? What are you doing here?
♪ Yeah. I'm rough around the edges ♪
♪ But I'm not a bad guy ♪
♪ I can see the pain
that's been hiding in your eyes ♪
♪ I know how you're feeling ♪
♪ 'Cause our feelings intertwine ♪
♪ You seem like you need a friend ♪
♪ And right now so do I ♪
♪ You sound so sincere
but it's tough to open up ♪
♪ I'm angry and I'm hurting ♪
♪ And it's hard for me to trust ♪
♪ But here I am anyway
spilling out my guts ♪
♪ Well. I made you something special ♪
♪ And it's gonna cheer you up ♪
♪ Come on. try it on ♪
♪ You're gonna love it I swear ♪
♪ No. I couldn't
No. I shouldn't ♪
♪ No. I wouldn't even dare ♪
♪ See how it sparkles? ♪
♪ It's just like you ♪
♪ A part of me is scared ♪
♪ But I have nothing to lose ♪
[♪ dramatic music playing]
[glass shattering]
♪ If you want heartless ♪
♪ I'll show you heartless ♪
[both] ♪ Crueler than you'll ever be ♪
♪ I'll be ruthless 'cause the truth is ♪
♪ You were never true to me ♪
♪ I feel so betrayed
You should be afraid ♪
♪ Now you're gonna get what you gave! ♪
♪ Now we're totally obsessed ♪
♪ 'Cause the wicked never rest ♪
♪ There's no beating in your chest ♪
♪ Just the sound of emptiness ♪
♪ You're heartless ♪
-[both panting]
-[♪ foreboding music playing]
How'd you like
to dig up some buried treasure?
[chuckles]
[Chloe and Max laughing sinisterly]
[Luis sighs]
I'm not leaving without Chloe.
She didn't come back last night.
-Neither did the prodigal son.
-[door opens]
Max? Where did he go?
She's still not here?
I mean. she was pretty upset last night.
Yeah? What do you know about it?
[Pink] I couldn't possibly
know anything. right?
'Cause I'm nice?
'Cause I'm happy?
You know. I choose
to find the joy in everything. Red.
But it doesn't make me naive...
[gasps] ...or dumb.
And it doesn't make me blind
to seeing people who tolerate me.
instead of actually care about me.
[Max and Chloe laughing]
[♪ Intriguing music playing]
Chloe?
[shouts] Chloe?
Where are they going?
[Red] Chloe?
Right. Me. too.
Look.
Leaving me behind again.
What am I. disposable?
Well. maybe you are. If you're just gonna
stand here and take it.
[exhales]
Wait for Pink. too!
I am good at giving advice.
Where are they running to now?
[mumbling] I don't know.
[♪ Curious music playing]
[Red] Hey. guys!
We were waiting for you.
Are we gonna get to the Oraculum?
And what's with the makeover?
Red.
You know. I wasn't having fun anymore
being good.
So I decided to do things your way.
Cruel... ruthless...
selfish... heartless.
Like the new me?
You can thank Max.
You did this? To my friend?
How quickly someone's life can change.
Right?
Hero to villain.
A simple flick of the switch or...
the wind of a watch.
[♪ Apprehensive music playing]
Yeah.
That's right.
I know what you did.
How you ruined
my chances at a normal life.
A life that you now have.
Max. I never meant for that to happen.
[rumbling]
It's time.
Ominous much?
Not Princess. just Red. right?
Maybe I can help with that.
I'm clearly
out of the loop. but this is bad. right?
I know what they're after.
Come on.
[♪ Intense music playing]
[Pink] Wait!
[sighs]
Come on. Red!
[dodo screeching]
Come on.
We need to get to the center and fast.
-[Red sighs]
-[Luis] Oh!
Okay. How about. um... This way. Yeah.
[Chloe and Max laughing in distance]
I can hear them. This way.
[Luis] Whoa! Look out!
[Chloe laughing]
[Red] This way.
[Luis] Where are they?
-This way.
-No. wait.
-But we don't have time...
-Wait!
Three. two. one.
Come on.
Luis. there.
[sighs] We'll never make it.
Yes. you will.
-[♪ Heroic music plays]
-Go!
-[Red] What are you doing?
-Hurry!
I can't hold them off for long. Go!
-[walls rumbling]
-Luis!
-[walls slam]
-No!
I'll find you. I promise.
No. no. no. no.
[Chloe and Max laughing in distance]
[Red shouts] Chloe?
Max. keep up.
-[Max laughs]
-[Red shouting] Chloe?
Where are you?
[Chloe's voice] Selfish.
Ruthless.
[Max's voice] Ruined my life.
[Pink's voice] Hard to love.
[Queen of Hearts]
You're such a disappointment.
[Chessy] Hearing things?
Warmer. Warmer.
Unlike them. I'm not in your head.
Chessy. leave me alone.
Not exactly crushing
this whole hero thing. huh?
I never asked for this.
Except you kinda did.
Now they all hate me.
Well. you did ruin the Hatters' lives.
got your mom captured.
left your boyfriend
in a shrub. and. oh. yeah.
nearly fed your bestie
to a bloodthirsty flower.
Didn't exactly
figure it out together. did you?
[voice shaking] Leave me alone.
[Chloe and Max laughing]
[laughter fades]
[♪ Solemn music playing]
[Red] ♪ I'm so lost and defeated ♪
♪ I've been climbing
but I keep getting knocked down ♪
♪ Down. down. down ♪
♪ How can a villain be a hero? ♪
♪ I don't even seem to recognize me now ♪
[♪ vocalizes] ♪ Now ♪
♪ Every mistake's led me here ♪
♪ Now it's all up to me ♪
♪ Will I ever know who I am? ♪
♪ Will I ever get the chance? ♪
♪ Can I find the strength
that's deep inside me ♪
♪ Will ever understand ♪
♪ Who I am? ♪
♪ I made a mess and now my... ♪
♪ My time is running out ♪
♪ There's no second chances this time ♪
♪ No. whoa ♪
♪ This rebel deep inside ♪
♪ Won't go down without a fight ♪
♪ Won't give up till I make this right! ♪
-[exhales]
-[♪ song ends]
[strange giggling]
[♪ Melancholy music playing]
[young Red and young Pink giggling]
[both giggle]
[♪ Uplifting music playing]
Pink!
Pink. I need you.
-[Red. from distance] Pink!
-Red?
That's my sister in there.
and she needs me.
[angrily] Open up this instant!
[rumbling]
Oh. Thanks.
Red.
You came.
Of course.
That's what sisters do.
[both chuckle softly]
Where did you find that?
I remembered we left it here.
[both] ♪ Now I know who I am ♪
[Red] ♪ Who I am ♪
[both] ♪ I finally have the chance ♪
[Pink] ♪ Have the chance ♪
[both] ♪ I can feel
the strength that's deep inside me ♪
♪ Now I understand ♪
♪ Who I am ♪
[giggles]
Pink. please tell me you still have
some of those cookies
left from the picnic.
Sure do.
[♪ Mystical music playing]
[echoes] Who's the big sister now?
Come on. Maddox.
-Just let us out.
-Please.
[Queen of Hearts] Think about your son.
Hmm.
-[Maddox laughs]
-Should've brought a bigger broom.
-Time's up. Queens.
-[♪ menacing music playing]
The pocket watch is nearly mine.
[laughs sinisterly]
I'm so proud of you. Max!
[vault door clangs]
Finally.
For my father.
For the life we could've had.
-For Red's betrayal.
-And my revenge.
[♪ Intense music playing]
Hey. guys.
Miss us?
[chuckles] Us?
Hi!
-[Pink grunting]
-[ground rumbling]
[ground rumbling]
-[vault clanging]
-[Red grunting]
[coughing]
[coughs]
[Pink] Red. are you okay?
Go. Pink.
Get the others.
-[Pink] Okay.
-[♪ Intense music playing]
Where is it?
Where's the pocket watch?
[Chloe chuckles sinisterly]
Chloe...
[scoffs]
Think about what you're doing.
This isn't you.
Weren't you listening. Red?
Of course it's not me. [chuckles]
Not the me that you knew. anyway.
[chuckles] No.
I'm free of her. [laughs]
[Max] So click the dial. Chloe.
Our pain will disappear.
It'll all go away.
and she will be the one left hurting.
It's the perfect revenge.
Put our lives back the way they were.
Do it.
[chuckles]
You think I'm doing this for you. Max?
Or your dad?
-[laughs]
-[♪ sinister music playing]
Aw.
No. I... I've seen the past.
I've seen that sad story.
No. I say we turn this around
and look to the future.
[breathing heavily]
A future where I'll finally be on top.
and you'll know what it's like
to feel invisible and pushed aside.
A future where I won't need either of you.
-But I gave you that power.
-And I took it.
[Red] Chloe. you were right.
About everything.
Traveling to the past.
going back to save your mom.
changed my life.
I finally knew
what it was to do something good.
And that's because you believed in me.
You showed me that I wasn't a lost cause.
You had my back every single time.
I know these last few days
I haven't had yours.
But I do now.
I believe in you.
In us.
If you do this.
we lose everything.
[watch ticking]
We lose each other.
[sobbing]
No. don't listen to her. Chloe.
Enough! Both of you!
[Red] ♪ We'll figure it out ♪
♪ Figure it out together ♪
♪ Figure it out
Figure it out together ♪
♪ Figure it out ♪
[both] ♪ Figure it out together ♪
[♪ valiant music playing]
[crackles. clatters]
[Red] Chloe!
[Maddox] No!
[grunting angrily]
This is your midnight. Maddox.
Time to go.
[growls]
Ace for effort. though.
You really did give it your all.
-[both chuckle]
-[Maddox laughs sarcastically]
Maddox...
[Maddox] We'll see who gets
the last laugh.
[♪ Intense music playing]
[Red] Oh. no.
[screams] No!
[Chloe] The watch!
[Max] It's mine.
[rumbling]
Max. look out!
[Max screams]
[groaning in pain]
[Max] Please!
[Chloe and Red grunt]
[Red] Together on three. Ready?
One. two. three!
-[all grunting]
-[Max] It's gonna fall!
No. no. no!
[shatters]
[both panting]
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
[Max groans]
[♪ Mellow music playing]
[Max] Thank you.
What about the watch?
What do we do with it now?
I'm sorry. Max. but we can't go back.
This has caused all of us enough pain.
[sighs]
Will you still try and help my father?
I won't abandon you or your dad.
I promise.
[♪ Climactic music playing]
[splashes]
[female voice reading softly]
[Maddox] The pocket watch.
No!
I will destroy Wonderland!
-[Red] Come on. let's go!
-[Max] Thanks. Pink!
-[roof rumbling]
-[Pink] Knock knock.
[Queen of Hearts] Pink?
What in the hat?
[grunts]
Oh! Get him!
-A-ha! There.
-[♪ valiant music playing]
-Over here!
-Hook!
Now.
-[screams]
-[chandelier shatters]
-We did it!
-[grunting]
Top that. Hatter!
[Luis] You're not going anywhere. Hatter!
[chandelier clangs]
[Luis] Oh. someone's stuck.
Not bad for a pirate.
Look at you.
Hair still perfectly in place.
Heh. It's a talent.
[Maddox grunting]
[brambles crackling]
[gasps in delight]
I missed you. I missed you. and you...
Mom.
-My darling.
-Mom?
Ah. Red.
[indistinct chatter]
[Max] Dad.
[Cinderella] Oh. I'm so happy to see you.
Hmm.
-You're okay.
-Yes. Are you?
Uh. yeah.
-I missed you.
-Oh. honey.
-[Chloe] I like the pants.
-Me too.
[sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
-I can't believe you made it.
-Hey. guys.
[Felix] Pink saved us with cookies.
-[Max] You all right?
-[Red] Yeah.
How dare you come into my palace.
endanger my children.
and use my magic against me?
-[♪ Tense music playing]
-Off with his head!
-[gasps]
-[whimpers]
[gasps and chuckles]
[chuckling] Where in heavens
did that come from?
[coughs] Guards. Take him away.
-[Max] No. Dad.
-Stop. You can't.
This is all my fault.
It's true. Mom.
Maddox. I'm sorry about everything.
This all started because I was too afraid
to stand up for what was right.
Too afraid to disappoint you.
Then. and now.
I'm no hero. Mom.
It's what a person does that defines them.
Hero? [chuckles]
That's just a word.
Then...
maybe so is villain.
Maybe everyone deserves a do-over.
He can keep his head.
Hm.
But he can also
stay cozy in there for a little bit.
So I heard you have a dark side.
-Nice.
-[laughs]
Maybe I was wrong about you.
Yeah. Me too.
[both laugh]
This calls for a celebration.
Let's throw a party.
-[gasps] A tea party.
-[all cheer and laugh]
[Queen of Hearts] Let's throw a tea party.
No.
-[all laughing]
-[♪ party music playing]
[Queen of Hearts] I love throwing parties.
[indistinct chatter]
[♪ Party music continues over speakers]
-To replace the old one.
-It's so good.
Mom. I owe you an apology.
And I. you.
I wasn't entirely honest with you.
or maybe even myself.
about who I was at your age.
I mean. life can sweep
parts of you away if you're not careful.
But you helped me find them again.
and I'm so grateful.
Mm.
Now. what's the deal with evil Chloe?
I... I don't know
what you're talking about.
[Cinderella] I promise
I won't tell your father.
[both laughing]
[indistinct chatter]
You made it out.
Those hedges got nothing on me.
I owe you one.
By my calculations.
you owe me two.
-[chuckles] I can't with you.
-[chuckles]
[tea cup clinking]
[Queen of Hearts] A toast.
[guests cheer]
I'd like to toast
to the bravest rescuers I've ever known.
What you all endured these past days.
the way you all worked together
and overcame tremendous odds.
it's... inspiring.
And we are forever proud
of each and every one of you.
[all cheering and applauding]
[clinking]
P.S.. I think your mom likes me.
Oh. my...
[both chuckle]
-[firecrackers bursting]
-[guests exclaiming]
It's time to bibbidi-boppidi. bust a move!
[guests laugh]
-Thank you. Fairy Godmother.
-Yeah.
I command thee to dance.
-[people cheering]
-[♪ upbeat music playing]
♪ I've walked through shadows
Stood in the light ♪
♪ Worn every label
Been wrong and right ♪
♪ I've felt the pressure forever
to play a part ♪
♪ But light can only shine
with a little dark ♪
♪ Every dream. every doubt
Every choice we make ♪
♪ Leads us right to the life
that we're meant to shape ♪
♪ Every high and every low ♪
♪ Follow where your rhythm goes ♪
[all four girls]
♪ There's a truth inside your heart ♪
♪ Go with it ♪
♪ Only you are who you are ♪
♪ Go get it ♪
♪ You're perfect You're messy ♪
♪ And all that's in between ♪
♪ Being yourself with no limit ♪
♪ This is your life so go live it ♪
♪ Go live it ♪
♪ You're perfect You're messy ♪
♪ And all that's in between ♪
♪ Being yourself with no limit ♪
♪ This is your life so go live it ♪
♪ We write our story
We live and learn ♪
♪ The road we follow
might twist and turn ♪
♪ But every moment
you're closer to breaking through ♪
♪ Dancing to the beat of the best of you ♪
♪ Every dream. every doubt
Every choice we make ♪
♪ Leads us right to the life
that we're meant to shape ♪
♪ Every high and every low ♪
♪ Follow where your rhythm goes ♪
[all four boys]
♪ There's a truth inside your heart ♪
♪ Go with it ♪
♪ Only you are who you are ♪
♪ Go get it ♪
[all] ♪ The perfect. the messy ♪
♪ And all that's in between ♪
♪ Being yourself with no limit ♪
♪ This is your life so go live it ♪
♪ Go live it ♪
♪ She's got that fire in her eyes ♪
♪ And she's not afraid to fall or fly ♪
♪ They're building tomorrow as they go ♪
♪ Imperfectly perfect ♪
♪ Like someone I know ♪
♪ Know you got nothing to prove ♪
♪ Show the world what you can do ♪
[both] ♪ The future starts
with me and you ♪
[chuckles] ♪ And Pink too ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
[all] ♪ There's a truth
inside your heart ♪
♪ Go with it ♪
♪ Only you are who you are ♪
♪ Go get it ♪
-[groans]
-♪ The perfect. the messy ♪
♪ And all that's in between ♪
♪ Being yourself with no limit ♪
♪ This is your life so go live it ♪
♪ Go live it ♪
♪ The perfect. the messy ♪
♪ And all that's in between ♪
♪ Being yourself with no limit ♪
♪ This is your life so go live it ♪
[♪ cheerful guitar music plays]
[indistinct chatter]
Finally. things are as they should be.
Yeah.
Though I gotta say
it was a little fun being bad.
That's my line.
[♪ Upbeat techno music playing]
Let's party!
[Chessy] Ugh! I hate happy endings.
Time to start some new mischief.
[Chessy laughing sinisterly]
[woman] Bye. Pink!
Thanks for coming. guys. [chuckles]
-[♪ Mysterious music playing]
-What is that?
[gasps]
[Red] Pink. you coming?
One sec.
[♪ Stirring music playing]
Oh. you don't think
that was the end of the story. did you?
Of course not!
That would be too sweet! [slurps]
Ugh. vanilla.
[singer] ♪ Baby. I knew at once
that you were meant for me ♪
♪ Deep in my soul
I know that I'm your destiny ♪
♪ Although you're unsure ♪
♪ Oh. I fight the tide ♪
♪ Don't think so much ♪
♪ Let your heart decide ♪
♪ True to your heart ♪
♪ You must be true to your heart ♪
♪ That's when the heavens will part ♪
♪ And. baby. shower you with my love ♪
♪ Open your eyes ♪
♪ Your heart can tell you no lies ♪
♪ And when you're true to your heart ♪
♪ That love
is gonna lead you straight to me ♪
[chorus] ♪ Got to be true ♪
[♪ singer vocalizing]
[chorus] ♪ To your heart ♪
[singer] ♪ Oh. someone you know
who's on your side can set you free ♪
♪ I can do that for you
if you believe in me ♪
♪ Why second guess what feels so right? ♪
♪ Just trust your heart
and you'll see the light ♪
♪ True to your heart ♪
♪ You must be true to your heart ♪
♪ That's when the heavens will part ♪
♪ And. baby. shower you with my love ♪
♪ Open your eyes ♪
♪ You heart can tell you no lies ♪
♪ And when you're true to your heart ♪
♪ That love
is gonna lead you straight to me ♪
[♪ singer vocalizes]
[chorus] ♪ To your heart ♪
[singer] ♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Sing the closing. boys ♪
[chorus] ♪ Just when things
were getting crazy ♪
♪ You don't know where to start ♪
[singer] ♪ You don't ♪
[chorus] ♪ Keep on believing. baby ♪
-♪ Just be true to your heart ♪
-[singer] ♪ Oh. yeah ♪
[chorus] ♪ When all the world around you ♪
♪ It seems to fall apart ♪
♪ Keep on believing. baby ♪
♪ Just be true to your heart ♪